feat(loki.process) add possibility to select labels/structured_metada… (#4697)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.process.md

The following arguments are supported:

| Name     | Type          | Description                                                                                                                                                     | Default | Required |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `values` | `map(string)` | Specifies the list of labels to add from extracted values map to log entry. The original label is removed.                                                      | `{}`    | no       |

> | `map`    | `string`      | Regexp labels processing. The first group match '(...)' will be used as key names by which the values are added as new metadata. The original label is removed. | `""`    | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name     | Type          | Description                                                                                                                                                   | Default | Required |
| -------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `values` | `map(string)` | Specifies the list of labels to add from extracted values map to log entry. The original label is removed.                                                    | `{}`    | no       |
| `map`    | `string`      | Regular expression labels processing. The first group match '(...)' is used as key names for the values added as new metadata. The original label is removed. | `""`    | no       |
```

In a `structured_metadata` stage, the map's keys define the label to set and the values are how to look them up.
If the value is empty, it's inferred to be the same as the key.

The `map` regexp will pattern match labels which will be added as new structured metadata. The regexp must include a group match bracket. This match

> will be used as new key name with the original value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `map` regular expression pattern matches labels added as new structured metadata.
The regular expression must include a group match bracket.
This match is used as new key name with the original value.
```
